The Joe Rogan experience.
Right. Okay. Now I've got to change the way I fight.
There's also the wind bonus. I mean, especially now,
did they have the wind bonus? Yeah. That's tad to me is a real issue.
I think a guy should be paid what they get paid. I think if you have a contract,
the contract for X amount of money,
if you have points on the pay-per-view that's on top of that,
but the idea that your win or loss could be in the hands of what we have deemed
completely incompetent. Judge. I see it every week, every week. I mean,
you do a lot of commentary yourself in these smaller shows.
I'd imagine sometimes it's even worse.
I've I mean,
we've gotten in trouble to the point where we had people come to us and go look
you the promoters at different organs,
from different organizations when there was really, really bad decisions,
you know, when I was working with Michael Chavela,
especially we were brutal on the athletic commissions and we'd hear about it and
we'd go, you guys need to back back off.
I've heard it from athletic commissions too. I'd say, go yourself. Yeah.
There's guys in there that are fighting for their life.
They literally trained for months and months.
And some point someone who literally doesn't even understand martial arts is
giving these guys a decision, a loss or a win.
And that's 50% of their money. And that's.
I remember the first time I witnessed it as far as a coach,
when my IFL team was fighting in Texas, we were fighting. I think boss's team.
And I looked at the judges and all of them, one of them had a, uh,
a bouffant hairdo and old lady and then two old guys with white
hair. And I went back to the locker room and I go, guys,
you can't let this go to the judges.
They're like one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel.
They know nothing about what they're watching.
Like we are in deep if we can't do it.
Well, it's,
I think boxing is a very complicated art and I think it's a very difficult thing
to, to score,
but it's way more easy to score than martial arts. Absolutely.
There's so much going on when a fight goes to the ground. I mean,
I have a friend who's a judge who literally said to me in the middle of a fight,
one of the female judges or referees rather, uh, judges,
one of the female judges turned to him and go, what is he doing? Like,
what is he doing? The guy was going for Kamora. What is he doing?
What is he doing?
Adelaide bird. Right? Yeah. We've, we've heard you,
you talked about her during one of the USA.
Uh, I mean, Cormier joking around nice lady.
Very nice lady. Yeah. But like I said, my mom's a really nice lady too.
I wouldn't want to want to judge.
Right. But I said the Adelaide bird before the pride in Las Vegas,
Lala was fighting in that one. Right.
And I thought I'm just going to ask and I walked up to her and I go, excuse me,
I'm new to the sport. Could you tell me what a triangle choke is?
And she looked at me and went, oh, just walked away.
She's just like.
Sure. Maybe it's just like, this is a trap pat Millett,
just trying to trap guy with cauliflower.
Ears.
New to this sport. That's hilarious. He probably had a, uh,
like a transparent grin. Like you couldn't hold it back. You know, those grins.
Just it's, it's sad that this goes, it's awful.
They suspend fighters constantly, but what are they going to start?
Suspending referees and judges. I think I've only seen it one time.
I agree. I mean, judges in, in, in, in for sure. Referees as well.
But I think that the,
the real thing that's so disappointing to me is that there's a wealth of martial
arts experts out there. Like there's so many,
there's so many good coaches. That would be great judges.
There's so many great ex fighters.
There's so many people that are just really well-versed in martial arts.
That'd be able to tell.
And I also think three people is a ridiculously small number.
I think for you you're you're like five judges. Yeah.
Like five judges would lose a lot of the decisions.
Cause if it's two and one and like there's sometimes when you get a split
decision, you're like, what in the?
Like one person saw this completely wrong and the other two guys got it. Right.
Thank God. The other two guys were there. Well,
if there's five people and this happens more than once you say, okay,
we've got a weak link here. Let's get rid of this person.
Yeah. One judge will have it unanimous one way.
And the other judges will have it unanimous the other, oh, that's impossible.
They should be, they should be held accountable. They,
someone should have to sit down with them and say, got to explain, like,
what are you seeing? Like what's,
let's watch the brown sit down with me and tell me how you think this guy was
getting the beat out of him was winning.
I just it's criminal dude. Some of the kids I've seen screwed off. It's just,
it's it's heartbreak.
And it literally is like stealing money from these kids. You know? I mean,
you're, I just don't like the wind bonus, man. I just think it's a bad,
I don't think anybody fights harder.
C and I don't even, I don't even necessarily subscribe to, you know,
fight of the night and knock out of the night and stuff like that. Yeah.
I don't, I don't,
I think they just bring back the yellow cards for stalling type stuff. Right.
But how pride.
Did it, right. I.
Think that's a great way to do.
Things when pride did it, what did they take? 10% of your purse?
I think so. And they, you know, and they, they would end up, I mean,
you get dqued eventually right. They pull the red card and you're done, right.
If he was more than one yellow card, you'd get DQ.
So they would give you a yellow card.
If they thought that you were either doing something illegal or if stalling.
Just stalling or whatever. I mean, in college wrestling,
they knew that they had to change things, right.
They had to speed up the action and they started calling stalling a lot faster
in college wrestling. And it changed college wrestling guys. Get after it. Now.
No, my problem with it though, is that there's referees,
it's separate fighters when they're working real hard against the cage. Like,
and I think again, it's guys who don't understand,
they don't understand how difficult it is when you have one guy is trying to
take the other guy down the other,
guy's trying to defend their landing shots in between trying to open up space.
And then the referee will say, keep working. I'm going to separate you guys.
You don't work. Like.
What the are you watching? They're battling. They're.
Battling. They literally don't understand the position. Yeah. And that's,
that's a giant.
No problem. Think about how many referees have never truly trained. Right.
A lot, a lot. And if they did train, it was a long time ago.
A lot of the guys going in there with big fat guts and they just.
Times have you called fights and all the years you've been calling fights and
been saying, he's out, he's out, he's out. Stop the fight, stop the fight,
stop the fight. I.
Wonder if you'd so close to it that you don't see it as well.
That's that's not an excuse. It's not because you know,
you've trained for so many years in martial arts. Right. You know,
when somebody is unconscious from a choke, you know,
when a joint's getting destroyed, you know, you've been around it enough,
you've trained high level enough where you see it, you know,
you can see their stomach where it's going in and out really hard, you know,
they're unconscious, right.
Where referees look at somebody and their eyes are wide open while his eyes are
open. So he must be conscious Europe.
More. You don't understand, right? Yeah. Yeah. What are your thoughts on, um,
forcing tap outs? Like if a guy gets his arm broken,
like that's a controversial thing. Like, like stopping a fight.
We think about Tim Sylvia and Frank Mir, you know, Tim got his forearm snapped.
Crazy one because in that one,
I kind of agree with her because it wasn't an elbow.
It was the middle of the arm.
Right. Both foreign bones went at the same time.
So I didn't see that angle. Right.
Tim's back was to us in the corner and herb stops it and I w
and Tim gets up and he's like, what? The F you know, do a great acting job.
Right. Tim, you know, for whatever reason was able to pull that off. I mean,
that's not a pleasant feeling, obviously having your,
your arms snap in and Tim gets up and he's like yelling at
her. I go in, I start yelling at Herbert. Herb's like, pat, I swear to God,
his arm is broken. He's pleased.
And then I see the replay on the big screen and I got her.
The crowd was booing. And then we played the replay back and I'm like, watch it,
watch it right here, scratching here, but he'd go. Oh.
Yeah. And then I told him,
I go wave to the crowd when we walk out of the cage with your broken arm.
So Tim goes, Jesus. And then we got back.
We got backstage when the doctor looked at it and I go, how bad is it?
And he goes, oh, it hurts. This hurts. Yeah. Yeah. It was.
Bad. So the doctor.
That did the doctor. Yeah. The doctor that did it, it was a good,
good friend of mine, orthopedic guy who I trained for many years.
He was a bull rider at one time and then became an orthopedic surgeon and then
trained with me and kickboxing. Right. Tough guy. Tough, tough,
tough dude from taxing imagine. And he goes,
I've never had to order plates for a tibia bone
to replace, to put somebodies forum bones back together. He goes,
they're as big as the normal humans tibia. Oh yeah.
Tim's it just, yeah.
It was, his bones were massive. He goes, they don't even make,
I had to use tibia plates. Wow.
Yeah. It did heal a hundred percent. Yeah.
Yeah.
Cause there's a long time though. Right? Like he really struggled with that.
Right. That was,
I remember him saying thank you to her Dean for saving his career. Yeah.
Because, uh, you know, if he let him go on and that.
Thing got down here.
Especially if it goes, once it breaks through the skin, right.
That comes a giant issue for infection. All kinds of here. It is right here.
Jamie pulled it up. Frank Mir,
that has broken more arms that they're not showing it right here. Oh,
it says right on the cup. Here's a great play. Yeah. That's a,
that's another thing about metal cups. That's a weird little Lupo here. It is.
That's a weird angle to look at that crash. Daddy,
that's a weird angle. That was ugly. That was ugly. Those metal cups, man.
That's a weird, uh, still loophole. Like you could still wear those,
those tie cups will still be able to, but you're kicking metal.
And it's also a crazy fulcrum.
If you've got a guy in an arm bar that's you got a metal rod there.
I like it though. I like it. I'm sure you do.